This guy, sat for hour and talked about python, and then released it for free. Legend.I'm literally only like minutes in and this is making more sense then my weeks of classes. Sir you are amazing. You need to win some sort of award for the service you are doing for the millions of people watching. You are opening doors and potential futures for people. This could be life changing. You gained a subscriber.My tiny brain can't comprehend how you crammed so much information into such a short timespan and still made it easily understandable. Thank you so much for this tutorial and I hope this will be the start of a coding passion for me.Excellent course! The concept is very clear and great presentation as well. I spent hours watching other courses and learned much less than I have learned with you in this short course. It is a "crash course on steroids" that teaches a lot of great information, and it is easy to follow. You have one more subscriber now. I am going to get your full course (for certification purposes). Thank you so much, Mosh!Very very clear content and presentation. I have attended other hour python courses and i was still confused on so many concepts, but this course is really good and gives no space for any such confusions. Thanks a lot. I would really sign up for an advanced course shortly as i am prepping for python certifications.This is exactly what I needed for my college course work. Learned C++ but a year later need to know python for a project. This helps so much and goes quick enough so I’m not bored but also slow enough that I can try it out myself. Thanks so much!I really learned a lot from this video. Your voice, organization and one step at a time approach have encouraged me to learn more and more. I didn't feel tense at all. On the contrary, I felt it went smoothly and easily. Thank you so much.I am taking GCSE computer science and one of the main tips i got was to learn to code. Watching this one hour tutorial, I have learned more in two hours than I did in lessons of python tutoring at school. Thanks mosh.Wonderful work done here sir. Well explained and easy to understand... Showing us the errors and how to rectify them is just superb it gives us a better understanding rather. Is this coding for creating website or applications?As a programming newbie, I can say that this has simplified Python to a point that I am wholly interested. Awesome job, Mosh!!Learning for the data science realm. I watched your SQL course and it was amazing. Thank you for being so clear and concise with your explanations. Most YouTube instructors, or instructors in general, don’t share the “why you shouldn’t do something a certain way,” but you do. I feel job ready after watching your videos. Thank you for being awesome.Hi Mosh, thank you so much for this video! i was curious about python and I'm super interested when I learned that it was so useful in many fields, especially now in my chosen degree. I actually watched this video so that I could have a bit of knowledge in the future since python is quite used in many areas and also in some job positions that I'm aiming in the future after I graduate. Thanks for making this, you've certainly helped a lot of people including me .Hey Mosh! As a mathematician I´m now finally interested in the IT world also and discovered your Video and you truly motivated me to learn Python.I watched the whole thing. As stated its only for beginners but its very easy to follow and flows nicely to cover many topics within an hour. Excellent work.Thanks Mosh for this amazing material.️ Please I have a question, why do we have to use unit.upper in your solution for the third exercise?Now THIS is superlative instruction; teach a concept, and then demonstrate it. That you include errors is a stroke of genius! The nuances of programming languages can be difficult to understand at first, but by showing things going WRONG, you also show how to CORRECT the mistakes. This is just brilliant work. Thank you! Subscribed as hell!This is amazing, very easy to understand and i really loved there was assignment along the way to try out what you have learned.This was really helpful. I now have an idea of python, and feel ready to learn even more. Thank you !Truth be told this course has been pretty helpful, and gave me a really nice and quick revision of python basics. Thank you!You're like one of those good teachers that lead your students towards a mistake to teach them what and how something could go wrong then, teach how to do it properly. Loving this.minutes in and I'm already really appreciating the fact that you have taken into consideration that not everyone uses Mac and some uses Windows. It's a simple thing but so often forgotten.Brilliant. Im amazed at the similarities of basic. So well presented.Thank you for creating this detailed tutorial for beginners.I'm learning because i want a better job than driving a school bus.Hey! A very beautiful and simple way of teaching. Thank you for teaching me PythonThanks for this amazing tutorial. You just saved months of learning .This is a million times better than the days of code on Udemy class taught by Angela. Much clearer and concise especially if you do not have a background in this.I have always been interested in coding but never have actually tried it, I'm minutes into this video and I am practicing/learning for the first time & I am already learning and having fun, thank you so much man!Hey Mosh. This is my first time on Python. You made me love it. I have held the Python plough, I ain't looking back. You are an amazing teacher. Thank you.You have teaching magic! I’ve never been able to learn from a coding video so easilyI keep coming back to this resource as I go in my journey of learning Python. It has been invaluable, you have my sincere gratitude!I finally find a teacher that explain python so clear. Thanks a lotI cant believe i spent up to hours watching and practicing with this tutorial, and i enjoyed it. I love the exercise section, its inspiring. Thanks for taking your time to give this tutorial.Honestly Sir, it really helped me understand python basics. Thank You so muchBest tutorial I have ever seen thanks so much, I’ll do the full course ASAPi'm beginner. this is my first time starting to learn programming. hope everything going well, and this video is my first source of learning python!Thank you Mosh for this wonderful, easy to learn python tutorial.Mosh explains everything thoroughly and never misses on a single part. He has challenges for us so that we take what we learned in the past and implement it in our code. I am still in the middle of the course but I can say that this channel is the channel for those who want to learn to code! Keep it up!!You have made me so happy I could cry, I am retaking a class that involves learning Python. I struggled so bad in that class. failing this class put me on academic probation because we have to maintain a or higher. YOU MADE This super Easy. I know I am going to pass this class for sure this time. You even showed how to look for what you did wrong that is so fantastic. I am Subscriber for Life Sir.You're wonderful Mosh I'm learning lots of great things hereProud to say, I took notes and watched the entire video. Despite not knowing anything about coding. I learned a lot. Thanks!Thanks sir as a th STD student it was very difficult for me to learn coding but you made it really easyas someone who legit struggled for a few years trying to start learning python, trying to understand and comprehend python because it's too technical, this has made learning python a whole lot more easier and digestible compared to self learning on Kaggle, etc. Thanks a bunch Mosh for making learning feel easier!!Thanks mosh because of your simplified way of teaching I learn python programming. Wishing you ATBIt was a productive lecture. Thank you!I really impressed by the python programming information given in hours video without wasting not a minute time and explained each concept very nicely with examples. Thanks .Man this is so easy. After all of this time of trying to figure out where to learn coding and I simply just typed in “python” and found a video with the easiest breakdown I could ever find. Much appreciated. I’m a complete noob. Never coded in my life outside of coding apps in high school with those little puzzle piece coding software we used. It was trash.Appreciate the time you put into this video for us.Excellent tutorial. Interspersing each lesson immediately with an example is a wonderful way of teaching. You really hit the nail on its head. Thank you for this painstaking effort. Looking forward to your other tutorials. My best wishes in all your endeavours.Okay! I loved this video. Thank you for putting this great content together.im so thankful for this tutorial sir mosh great more tutorials to come.i just need to catch up my first year of computer science in highschool.Hi, I'm almost at the end of the video and I just wanted to let you know how grateful I am for this amazing video. I will dive deep into your channel very soon.YOUR TEACHING SKILL IS NEXT LEVEL.Amazing introduction to Python! Bravo Mosh.thanks sir for such a great video for beginners I really appreciate your hard work!I really love how well this was made and you made variables MUCH easier to understand and to make.i just completed everything in here and its truly amazing like an hour ago i had no idea what python is and after seeing this video i can start to code python thanks MOSH.You are an awesome teacher I learned so much!Thank you. I'm a second year Electrical Engineer and this is super convenient since I'm having to teach myself python. (Engineering profs aren't always the best.)Trying to learn Python for an assessment, this is my first time learning Python. I know I still need to learn much more, but just this has given me a good overview of Python Thank you.  I think it's more straight forward than JSstarted learning python with mosh through his YouTube tutorials. I watched the one which is over hours and the other one which is hours. Mosh explains everything crystal clear. I really had no prior knowledge in programming and this whole programming world or whatsoever. And it seemed very daunting to me. But I gotta say thanks to mosh I started believing that I might be able to actually make it in the programming world.It is an amazing tutorial for beginners. Thank you for sharing this in your video.Great Content Mosh, looking for more precise and straightforward stuff.Thank you so much! I have been wanting to learn how to code Python for so long. This is the only tutorial that has ever taught me. THANK YOUUUUUU.Thanks, its very useful, clear and simple.Excellent Course. No distraction, No crap. Just explained with so much ease and comfort. Makes so much sense for every minute of the hour!!!Hi Mosh! My name is Dave Powell & I am learning python b/c I will be taking an algorithm coding class next month. I was told that this class is recommended. Thank you for providing the knowledge. Take care...DPowellThank you for this beginner's course, I find it to be very helpful!Since I was new in learning codes. Fr yesterday I have started to learn. It is easier as u explain it in simple way. Thank u. And I have tried the coding for if exercise and finally solved after hr.Thank you very much! I had my first programming course last week and the teacher didnt even teach us how to use Python because he assumed that its common knowledge just like +1. For me, it was like going to a battlefield without knowing how to use a gun.I love how every time he says "Let me show you" it's unlike any other teacher trying to explain anything - he does such an good job!Reminds my of my high school days in the 's learning how to code with Basic on a mainframe! A lot of the concepts are the same! Thanks for the video. I want to learn more!Thank you very much Mosh, you really lifted my carrier up!This is a wonderful video dude. I would watch like twenty or so minutes, then come up with fun things to do with those concepts, then continue. It's a great first video.Hey Mosh, you have been a great tutor.. Would be great if can post many more tutorials on PythonMosh, please can you reveal the code for excercise . What is the output meant to look like?MOSH!, you legend. I've been umming and ahhing over 'learning to code' for years. Prior to this video my coding knowledge could be described as zero. You really set the basic concepts out in an easy to follow way and being able to pause, go back, take notes etc made this format perfect for me to learn my way (I have Asperger's Syndrome and probable ADHD). I'm now familiar with the basic concepts of Python and I'm excited to start coding and playing around before I follow another tutorial of yours. I'm planning to purchase your hr Python mastery course if the offer is still at the reduced price in a few days after I get paid. Can't wait to learn more Python with Mosh. Thanks man!.Just saved my time, thank you Mosh, I really loved itCurrently recovering from TBI an struggle with learning conditions. Your videos are better then the digital book at my online school. Thank you for all your efforts.These videos are helping me pass/better familiarize my self withpersonal. I'd be struggling even harder if it wasn't for your vids. I can't begin to express how thankful I amFULL SUPPORT FOR YOU SIR! YOU'RE MY ANGLE!My trading journey was a matriculation of high and low literally just like the market. You up and you down. Now I'm constantly upWell I've always have this great interest in programming and later software engineering and I'm learning python for web developmentYeah he's a really good teacher to show you the difference in the uppercase and lowercase is definitely a definitive concept and important even the spacing sometimes it's difficult to see the spacingThis hour-long course was a great refresher for when you've stepped away for a while and need to get back up to speed. Awesome job. Quick, concise, easily understood.Thank you Mosh!!! I just started with this today. It's been great and your lectures are helping a lot. And dear friends why don't you try this interesting code code that traps your system in a never ending loop.....Hi! Thanks for the video! First time trying to learn Python after learning css and html. On the first exercise, I googled how to write a conditional statement to output whether he was a new patient or not. I know it only works in this case. Just trying to get use to utilizing different statements and actually getting them to work, lol.sir keep up on the same level of hard work you are a teacher in true words congrats you have got another active and loving subscriberBest beginner tutorial I have seen so far. Thank you, Sir.I just want to say thank you for this. I feel really lucky to have been given this knowledge and it makes me so happy to see truly knowledgeable talented and hardworking individuals be so generous with the information they undoubtedly invested years and so much hard work to be able to get to the level of understanding they have so as to even be able to speak with such a competent grasp. Again HUGE thank you to you. You are amazing kind sir.Very helpful, Thank you!Great content.. thanks a million!I'm learning Python for Web Development! Thanks for the help!Just Started learning Python, Great Tutorial!I can't just thank you enough Mosh! You're a true legend spending your great time for these free courses. You're definitely an inspiration to the up coming generations of AI labs and desire's of coding.this is amazing, thank you for making valuable videoThanks a million times. What a privilege and blessing it is to have you in my life I am forever grateful.you tought me what my gcse teacher couldnt in years in just over an hour. incredible stuffHonestly amazing content! By the time I got to if statements I made my first "program" that will give out different responses to user input. Made it really easy to wrap my head around the concepts. I think my first in-depth program is gonna be a choose-your-own adventure type deal. Thank you so much.Learned more then all my months of Python lessonsThanks very very much! Great teaching skills Sr !Wow, excellent!! Thank you for posting thisPython looks so simple to use. So interesting. Great dynamic voice. Really enjoy this intro. Thank you!Great This has given me all I wanted to start my career in python programmingThank you Mosh for your wonderful contributionThis was my take on the weight converter, looks pretty janky but its working ! feedback appreciated; this was done with only knowledge previous to the excersize print("Kilograms to Pounds Converter")This is by far the most well explained python code for beginners. Thank you!Hey dude you're the shit thank you for taking the time to teach the rest of us. Im actually understanding things now and am not only excited for the future but to see what all i create with this new found knowledge. I hope for a long and prosperous career. Thank you MoshHi, I have done GW basic programming years ago; and Python is very quite close to it. So far, I find it pretty easy; but, I will see when writing huge projects comes to light. I am impressed by your simple and effective explanation; Thanks a lot for the effort you made.for anyone out there who just got started, even though you could use pycharm this is an old version and I asked my brother if I should use this he said that pycharm isn't that efficient compared to visual studio code. he said that it would be easier since I just got started and not to use pycharm. I will be using that and just wanted to give the advice of a computer science engineer.This guy made us save $$ for online python courses. Thank you and God bless sir!Thanks! I learned so much from this video, grateful for all the quality content that you've put out. Hope will be a good coding yearIm a newbie in learning python. I want to learn how to use it in gaming, animation and visual effects. Will you have any specific videos for that? Also just subscribed.I graduated with my bachelor's a few months ago and I'm going to apply for a masters in data analytics and I'm brushing up on my Python and this is amazing. Thank you so much for the amazing tutorial!Really nice lesson!Very concise yet still easy to follow along with; thank you.I always tell my self I need to learn Python. I play some videos and I get bored or sleep lol. But not when I'm watching your videos Mosh. I love ur videos and keeps me focused. Truly appreciate it. This video was great to watch.Hi, Mosh. First, thanks for making these amazing videos. I started going through them about three days ago and already spent about ten hours going back and forth the exercises. I actually regret not having started with this earlier. I have interest in Machine Learning, but that is for the future. For now, I would like to know if I could apply Python for editing E-Books that are going to be published in Kindle, for instance. Many of the formatting in the editions are repetitive and it seems there would be a possibility. If there is, I would like to know more about it. Cheers and all the best.Thank you! I've been out of practice for years, and with this video, all of the basics came flooding back to me. Just what I needed